---
layout: post
title: Creating Worlds
---

####First: Sorry for another month of silence. I'll fix that somehow...

####Next: 

##WORLD HAPPEND

When thinking about the world I want I always started with "this small village..." or "in that big city..." in my head.
But thats not how I can plan a open world rpg. I need  something to guide me, something that limits me in what I have and what I can do.
Having a number X of cities to plan makes me feel alot better, and will make my work more constructive.

So uhh, world happend.

At least a bit. I had some world ideas in my mind, and I skeched them and always was unhappy.
Basically, i started with one simple quesion: What do I want? For the world itself, as you can see in the "ideas"-blahrg on github:

* 3 Continents, one forest-like, one icy-mountain-like and one casual one. Each one with its special areas, places and people.
* Connections between these
* A simple but open world layout - Every place can be visited, the paths are open but since I am only one guy, ONLY the paths are open, the rest is there, but only on the map.
* Many places to go where I can let stuff happen

So, ignoring everything I read on the internet, I let my mind float, and drew a small sketch of the workd in gimp. How I imaginded the continets.
Then I added some colors (water is blue, forest is green, ...).

In the end I added cities and connections between them. The paths visible are also the only paths that are accessable.

 [Look here](http://i.imgur.com/x9fwkIW.png), but be aware that this image is HUGE (5mb)

And hurray, world happend. Of course this wont be its final form, I will change stuff, but having something will (hopefully) help me to concept the villages and cities since I now have a limeted number and something to guide me.
You see the bigger cities in read, the villages in violet, and you can see the roads in brown (the lines). 

Im not sure what I will do in the later story. Maybe you know the people you find in the pokemon games sayin "you cant go this way".
I'll need a way to do that in a reasonable way without doing it that obvious. 

##The Future
The future brings interesting stuff. I planned stuff, and ill write it down here, in the thing named below.
* Roadmap. Content: 1st week january 2015: create a roadmap!
Yup. Must help.

Thats it. 
